Fix `set serverprefix` docstring and update its docs (#6004)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/cog_guides/core.rst

.. code-block:: none

    [p]set showsettings [server]

**Description**

> Show the current settings for Red. Accepts optional guild parameter if its prefix must be recovered.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show the current settings for Red.

**Examples:**
    - ``[p]set showsettings``
    - ``[p]set showsettings "Red - Discord Bot"``

**Arguments:**
    - ``[server]`` - Optional server to get information for. Leave blank to get the information from the current server.

```

Could you apply this change to the `[p]set showsettings` docstring aswell?
